---
title: 'How to update the Sender Policy Framework (SPF) record'
category: 'Deployment'
folder: 'Microsoft 365'
---

## Information

If you have configured server-side signatures it is important you update the Sender Policy Framework (SPF) record for your domain to include the relevant Signature 365 SPF record.

If you do not do this there is a risk that emails processed by Signature 365 will be marked as spam.

The Signature 365 setup wizard will show you the domains you need to update SPF records for, and the mechanism you need to include.

If you have already configured integration with Microsoft 365 you can see your domains here as well as the SPF record status for each domain:

[https://app.signature365.com/integrations/microsoft365](https://app.signature365.com/integrations/microsoft365)

## How to update the SPF record

You need to update your SPF record to include the following entry:

:::info
include:spf.<region code="">.signature365.net
</region>
:::

The dashboard in Signature 365 shows the region your tenant belongs to. You can find the region code for your region in the table below:
| Region | Region code |
| --- | --- |
| Australia | au |
| Canada | ca |
| European Union | eu |
| United Kingdom | uk |
| United States | us |
| United Arab Emirates | ae |

For example, if your region is United Kingdom your region code is uk, and you need to include the following entry in your SPF record:

:::info
include:spf.uk.signature365.net
:::

If you are a Microsoft 365 customer your SPF record will already include the Microsoft 365 SPF record and look similar to this:

:::info
v=spf1 include:spf.protection.outlook.com -all
:::

We recommend you include the Signature 365 SPF record immediately after the Microsoft 365 SPF record as follows:

:::info
v=spf1 include:spf.protection.outlook.com include:spf.eu.signature365.net -all
:::

How exactly you update your SPF record depends on your hosting provider. Different hosting providers have different methods for accessing and updating the SPF record. If you are unsure how to do this, we recommend you contact your hosting provider or the person responsible for DNS in your organisation to get assistance.

:::warning
Note you must update the SPF record for each domain you use for email.
:::