---
title: 'Signature 365 Service Level Agreement'
category: 'Frequently Asked Questions'
folder: 'Frequently Asked Questions'
---

## General Information

This service level agreement guarantees the quality criteria agreed between Symprex Ltd and its customers. In the event that the agreed service level is not achieved yet the other requirements are met, the customer shall be entitled to compensation.

### Definitions

<dl class="dl-horizontal"><dt>Service Level</dt><dd dir="ltr">Defines the classification of the individual availability assurances; assurances are only valid with an active and paid subscription to the service.</dd><dt>Availability</dt><dd>Defines the percentage of a year during which the provided service operates without unscheduled disruption.</dd><dt>Downtime</dt><dd dir="ltr">Refers to a period in minutes during which a service is affected by a category 1/2 or unscheduled disruption.</dd><dt>Disruption</dt><dd dir="ltr">Refers to any incident that is classified as category 1 and persists for longer than 5 minutes.</dd><dt>Year</dt><dd>Refers to the period of 365 calendar days or 8760 hours in which a service is provided. The year commences on the date payment for the service is received.</dd></dl>

## Service Level

The availability percentage for each year is as follows:

### 99.99%+ Availability

Maximum downtime of 52 minutes per year

## Error categories

<dl class="dl-horizontal"><dt>Category 1</dt><dd>An interruption that persists for over 5 minutes which is not caused by the customer, prevents operation and for which there is no alternative solution, leading to significant impairment of the customer's business operations.</dd><dt>Category 2</dt><dd>An interruption that is not caused by the customer, which impedes operations and for which there is no alternative solution. This may lead to impairment of the customer's business operations under some circumstances.</dd><dt>Category 3</dt><dd>An interruption that is not caused by the customer, minimally affects operations, and/or for which there is an alternative solution. Business operations can be continued.</dd><dt>Category 4</dt><dd>An interruption that is not caused by the customer and has a minor influence on business operations.</dd></dl>

## Downtime

*   Downtime is measured starting from the occurrence of the category 1 or 2 error.
*   Downtime ends once the error has been remedied and the customer is informed. Resumption of mail flow or signature injection is regarded as a notification of resolution
*   A period during which errors arise due to the following events are not fundamentally regarded as downtime if:

    *   The customer announces a service interruption incorrectly.
    *   The customer performs a change to the configuration which results in service interruption.
    *   Downtime attributable to errors is incorrectly reported by the customers monitoring services.
    *   The interruption is related to scheduled maintenance announced in advance or requested by the customer.
    *   The interruption is a result of force majeure.

## Compensation

If the service fails to meet the Service Level within the specified period, the customer shall be entitled to a credit note according to the following conditions:

*   The amount of compensation shall be determined by the monthly downtime for each agreement. This is calculated as a percentage of the operating year.
*   <span dir="ltr" style="background-color: rgb(235, 107, 86);">For each hour of downtime exceeding the permitted amount, the customer shall be granted an x% credit note for their basic subscription fee.</span>
*   The credit is applied to the subsequent invoice and may not exceed the invoice amount;
*   Compensation shall not be paid during an agreed test or configuration period.

## Error notification

*   All errors must be registered by phone call, email to support@symprex.com, or by the submission of a ticket on the ticketing system.
*   The customer will be notified on updates and troubleshooting once the issue has been resolved.

## Maintenance Windows

Maintenance windows may be scheduled in order to increase stability and performance. During this window, periodic, scheduled and unscheduled maintenance will be performed on the systems operated by Symprex Limited and its suppliers. Maintenance is required to ensure continued operation.

*   The customer should be notified of scheduled maintenance that may disrupt the service in good time, generally 3 working days prior.
*   The customer should be notified of scheduled maintenance with as much notice as possible.

## Service Credit Claims

Symprex Ltd provides this SLA subject to the following terms:

*   To be eligible to submit a claim with respect to an incident, the customer must have notified customer support of the incident using the procedures set forth above, within five business days of the incident.
*   To submit a claim, the customer must contact customer support to provide notice of intention to submit a claim. The customer must provide all reasonable detail with regard to the claim, including but not limited to; Detailed incident description(s); Duration of incident(s), attempts made by the customer to resolve the incident; Detail of affected communications.
*   In order for the company to consider a claim, the claim must be submitted including sufficient evidence, before the end of the subsequent billing month of the incident.
*   Symprex will use all information reasonably available to validate claims and make a good faith judgement determining if the SLA applies to the claim.

## SLA Exclusions

This SLA and any applicable performance and availability assurances do not apply to:

*   Factors outside of the reasonable control of Symprex Ltd.
*   Incidents resulting from the customer or 3rd party hardware or software.
*   Incidents resulting from action or inaction by the customer or 3rd parties.
*   Incidents caused by the customer's use of the service after failing to modify use or configuration as advised by Symprex.
*   Beta or trial service (as determined by Symprex).
*   Incidents attributable to the acts or omissions of the customer's employees, agents, contractors or vendors, or unauthorised use of the customer's accounts or equipment.