---
title: 'Request Microsoft support enable creation of inbound connectors'
category: 'Internal'
folder: 'Recycle Bin'
---

## Issue

Microsoft have recently introduced a policy change to disable inbound connectors that are created on new tenants with Office 365.

For additional information on this change, please see the following article: [Office 365 Connectors](https://office365itpros.com/2023/02/22/inbound-connector-restriction/)

As a result, Signature 365 is unable to relay email back to your Office 365 tenant until this functionality is enabled.

## Solution

Resolving this issue requires you raise a support ticket with Microsoft to request that inbound connectors be enabled on your tenant with the following request

:::info
#### Microsoft ticket

We are using an external signature management solution and require the ability to create and manage inbound connectors in our Microsoft 365 tenant in the portal and using PowerShell scripting (Signature 365 uses Remote PowerShell).

We have discussed with the Signature 365 vendor and unfortunately it is not possible to manually create the inbound connector.

The Signature 365 setup wizard is an automated process that:

1.  Creates a customer specific certificate
2.  Creates a domain matching the certificate
3.  Creates an inbound connector using the certificate name
4.  Creates an outbound connector
5.  Creates a transport rule

It is not possible to manually create the inbound connector, because the certificate name is not available. It is part of the above setup process.

Also from time to time we may need to amend our Signature 365 setup, which requires deleting and recreating connectors and rules.

We therefore need you to enable the ability to create and manage inbound connectors in our Microsoft 365 tenant in both the portal and through Powershell scripting.

Given that we are an established company and are paying for the Microsoft 365 service, we expect inbound connector functionality to be fully enabled on our tenant.
:::